Add Flexible Sync subscribe/unsubscribe APIs (#5772)
realm/realm-js: CHANGELOG.md

* Opening a Realm with invalid schemas will throw a `SchemaParseError` (or one of its subtypes `ObjectSchemaParseError` and `PropertySchemaParseError`) rather than an `AssertionError` or `Error`. ([#5198](https://github.com/realm/realm-js/issues/5198))
* Enable multiple processes to operate on an encrypted Realm simultaneously. ([realm/realm-core#1845](https://github.com/realm/realm-core/issues/1845))
* Added support for a sync configuration option to provide an `SSLConfiguration` with a custom function for validating the server's SSL certificate. [#5485](https://github.com/realm/realm-js/issues/5485)

> * Added APIs to facilitate adding and removing subscriptions [#5772](https://github.com/realm/realm-js/pull/5772):

Reviewer: I don't have a strong preference. Since the PR has more info, it is fewer clicks for our users.

> * Added APIs to facilitate adding and removing subscriptions [#5772](https://github.com/realm/realm-js/pull/5772):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added APIs to facilitate adding and removing subscriptions. ([#5772](https://github.com/realm/realm-js/pull/5772)
```

* Added support for a sync configuration option to provide an `SSLConfiguration` with a custom function for validating the server's SSL certificate. ([#5485](https://github.com/realm/realm-js/issues/5485))
* Improve performance of equality queries on a non-indexed mixed property by about 30%. ([realm/realm-core#6506](https://github.com/realm/realm-core/pull/6506))
* Improve performance of rolling back write transactions after making changes.  ([realm/realm-core#6513](https://github.com/realm/realm-core/pull/6513))
* Added APIs to facilitate adding and removing subscriptions. ([#5772](https://github.com/realm/realm-js/pull/5772))
  * Experimental APIs: Enabled subscribing and unsubscribing directly to and from a `Results` instance via `Results.subscribe()` (asynchronous) and `Results.unsubscribe()` (synchronous).

>   * Added a `WaitForSync` enum specifying whether to wait or not wait for subscribed objects to be downloaded before returning from `Results.subscribe()`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * Added a `WaitForSync` enum specifying whether to wait or not wait for subscribed objects to be downloaded before resolving the promise returned from `Results.subscribe()`.
```
